<!-- markdownlint-disable MD024 -->
<!--
  MD024 is disabled here because we intentionally repeat headers like 
  "Agenda Summary" and "Action Items" in each meeting's notes to maintain 
  consistent structure and clarity. These duplicates are purposeful 
  and improve readability within separate meeting sections.
  Ignoring this rule prevents unnecessary lint warnings for valid cases.
-->
# Milestone 2Ô∏è‚É£ ‚Äì Meeting Minutes

---

## Meeting 6 ‚Äì June 23, 2025

**Time:** 12:00‚Äì1:30 PM ET  
**Attendees:** Amro, Ammar, Azza, Banu, Gennadii, Muhammad  
**Facilitator:** Amro

### Agenda Summary

- Discussed required information and data modeling.
- Shared ideas for potential data sources and created a [data source document][1].
- Reviewed the milestone plan created by Ammar. üëáüëá

![Image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d5d0f14-ba55-4348-a132-ebb9d2cdefcd)

[1]: <https://docs.google.com/document/d/11pR0F8tgTHbgsqUsMzOBHPtQhzYu4xCNwCvyAxpAn_M/edit?tab=t.0>

### Action Items

- Continue identifying policy changes relevant to our research domain.
- For each policy, evaluate:
  - What exactly changed
  - How the change affected juveniles (e.g., rules, procedures, legal outcomes)
  - How the change can be represented in our dataset
  - The date the change occurred
- Record these findings in the shared Data Source Doc.
- Additionally, create a separate file to capture detailed notes on each policy change,
  including affected groups, legal implications.

---

## Meeting 7 ‚Äì June 26, 2025

**Time:** 11:30‚Äì12:00 PM ET  
**Attendees:** Amro, Ammar, Azza, Banu, Gennadii  
**Facilitator:** Gennadii

### Agenda Summary

- Confirmed completion of Milestone 2 ‚Äì Deliverable 1.
- Reviewed datasets README draft.
- Discussed data cleaning plans.
- Clarified repository folder structure.

### Action Items

- Prepare a detailed plan for data folders.
- Continue cleaning data under Gennadii‚Äôs guidance.
- Articles and news sources related to policy changes (previously collected in the
  shared Google Doc) will be compiled into the detailed policy notes file as
  planned in Meeting 6.
- Remaining deliverables will be shared among team members asynchronously,
  based on individual availabilty.

  ---

## Meeting 8 ‚Äì June 30, 2025
  
**Time:** 12:00‚Äì12:30 PM ET  
**Attendees:** Gennadii, Ammar, Amro, Azza, Banu  
**Facilitator:** Gennadii

### Agenda Summary

- Discussed how to populate the `data_exploration` folder and align on
  expectations for exploratory analysis.
- Reviewed milestone deliverables and upcoming deadlines.
- Shared ideas to build more experience working with the large dataset.
- Agreed to schedule regular meetings and live coding sessions.
- Considered options for hosting the dataset outside the repository.

### Action Items

- Schedule regular meetings and live coding events for the next milestone.
- Add a short exploratory data analysis (EDA) to the `data_exploration` folder.
- Arrange public hosting for the large dataset on an external platform.
- Create a Git tag before completing the milestone.
- Review remaining pull requests and issues.
